---
title: "AT Day 23: Flint Mountain Shelter to Bald Mountain Shelter"
date: 2024-04-25
location: Flint Mountain Shelter
start: 308.8
end: 327.7
miles: 18.9
sleep: Shelter
mood: 🙂
---
There were happy goodbyes this morning as Phoenix and Fire were together again. Phoenix complimented me by calling me a dancer, and when I misunderstood and said that no, I'm not a dancer, she explained that I appear to dance when coming down the trail with my trekking poles. I took this as high praise, as I never really hiked with trekking poles before last year, and I've been working to get used to them.

Fire Magic and I started the day out together, and hiked together for some of the first few miles. There was some really awesome trail magic around 3 miles in at Devil's Fork, where I was able to grab some fresh fruit and bars but also snag some really well wrapped toilet paper. I stayed for maybe 30 minutes, waiting for one snack to digest before tearing into the next one, and talking so some of the really nice folks running the trail magic stand.

I almost caught up to Fire Magic again (this time with Lost), as they were leaving yet another trail magic stop 12 miles in just as I was arriving. I'll never refuse food, and an orange was definitely a welcome interruption. The trail angel asked me what my number was, referring to the number on my hang tag, and when I told him, he said he hadn't seen anyone with a number that high yet. The numbers are sequential, so someone starting on January 1st might be #1 while I, starting on April 3rd, was 1961. The higher your number at any given spot, the faster you're probably going relative to those around you, and most of the hikers I was hiking around had lower numbers and had started sometime in March. It's tough to know really who's ahead and who's behind you, but I definitely feel like I've been going faster than a lot of people I've met.

By the end of the day, I had caught up to Fire Magic, and we took in the peak at the top of Big Bald. It was just Fire Magic, me, and a dude sitting in a tractor, staring out into the horizon. It really was a good view, but it was starting to get a little chilly, and we decided to make the 1.2 mile trek back here as a sunrise hike. The views this time would be infinitely better than Clingmans Dome.

As we ate dinner at the picnic table, a hiker came in relatively late (just before sundown) and went off immediately to set up her tent. Her name was Rabbit, and I guess she had gotten the name from hiking big miles. I thought that I had done some big days, pushing past 20 miles a few times, but Rabbit I think started after me. No sooner had I puffed out my chest for having a high hang tag number than I met someone who most likely had a higher number than me. I tried peaking at Rabbit's hang tag when she came back just to see how high the difference was, and was a bit ashamed of myself. I imagine Rabbit will probably speed right by and that'll be that, but it was good to remind myself that there are people on all ends of things. *"This is a marathon, not a sprint."*

Fire Magic and I stayed in the shelter so that we could pack up quickly in the morning, and we were the only two there. We chatted a bit about expectations for the trail, tramilies, and a bit of my inner fight between wanting to make connections along the way and wanting to stretch my legs. Fire Magic was not creating expectations around who she might hike with or for how long, and that makes sense. Some people you don't see for a while but then reconnect out of the blue, she said, and some people you only hike with for a day and then never see again. But then she mentioned this one time when an older guy we both knew (someone I met only briefly at Fontana Dam) behaved pretty sketchily toward a younger woman we both knew. While I've enjoyed seeing the good and bad of people and being part of a trail community that tends to bring out the good in everyone, it was a bit disheartening to hear about the *other* side of someone who didn't initially strike me as a bad dude, but appears now to have definitely behaved badly at times. And Fire Magic and I were both almost falling asleep by this time, but in my sleepy mind, I drew a distant parallel between that guy and myself, and wondered if Fire Magic was getting any bad behavior vibes from me. I was definitely too tired to ask or to try to redirect if that was the case, but I fell asleep with a feeling of wanting to avoid giving off the wrong impression.
