---
title: "AT Day 22: Spring Mountain Shelter to Flint Mountain Shelter"
date: 2024-04-24
location: Spring Mountain Shelter
start: 286.2
end: 308.8
miles: 22.6
sleep: Shelter
mood: 🙂
---
Today I hiked more or less the whole day with Fire Magic. We made a stop for cookies - there were signs for a Cookie Lady about 5 miles into the day, and it was a short walk to a cabin. There was a policy of 1 free cookie, $2 for any additional - I won't say how many cookies I ate, but it was the right amount. We also passed Big Butt Bypass toward the end of the day (the side trail names for this area are really getting me), and surpassed the 300 mile mark! There was the number 300 spelled out in a rock formation on the ground to mark the spot, and we managed to grab a photo of the milestone.

At the shelter, Fire Magic reunited with Lost. Lost said that Fire Magic kept him going on the trail for a bit. It's crazy how hikers intersect, separate, and come back together. Around the picnic table at dinner, I mentioned something about ursacks as I'm planning to switch to one in Virginia, and a dude in a kilt sitting around the fire interjected. Apparently his ursack was destroyed by the bear at Standing Indian, ripped at the seam, and he thinks now that ursacks are a ripoff. I was torn between feeling a bit sorry for this guy for having lost his food, and thinking that hanging an ursack to a tree at a shelter with a known bear problem was kind of a bad idea to begin with. I'm looking forward to swapping my big bulky heavy bear canister for an ursack when I get further north, but ursacks aren't great protection against habituated bears. The dude was clearly mad so I didn't push it, but Lost made a point of saying, you're in the bear's home, you can't really be mad at him. Dude's still mad, though I was happy to hear Lost say it.

Phoenix, a German woman we had met yesterday hiking with her friend Fire, arrived and came in with us in the shelter, saving some space for Fire who should arrive shortly. But as bedtime came and Fire didn't, I could sense Phoenix was concerned. With everyone else in the shelter sleeping or on their way, Phoenix sat upright, anxiously sighing and looking at her phone. I asked her from underneath my quilt if she was nervous about her friend; yes, she said, Fire should have arrived by now. They were carrying one inReach between them, and Phoenix was the one carrying it. She got a text a few hours ago, but hadn't heard anything recently, and there wasn't enough signal here to get a message out. I told her that if she decided she'd like to hike back to look for her, I'd be happy to walk with her. She took me up on the offer, and soon everyone in the shelter was awake, transitioning from sleeping shelter mates to willing search party members. I made a point of bringing my first aid kit with me, wondering how much I remembered from my wilderness first aid 2-day class. Luckily, we hadn't hiked more than a half mile or so before Phoenix exclaimed that she had enough signal to send a message; a few minutes later, texts were exchanged with Fire, and it turned out that she had lost her way earlier, but was closing in on the shelter soon. A few minutes after that, we could see her headlamp in the distance, and there was a brief tearful reunion with hugs to go around. I was glad, mostly for Phoenix but also just happy not to have to discover just how much of my first aid training I had forgotten.
